README.md, before:

# DemoDevelopment
This is the webcrawler. 
Given a starting URL –say example.com -it will visit all pages within the domain and collects all images,
but not follow the links to external sites other than  this domain.

input:
Any valid URL.
Example: http://www.novelglow.com/

Output:
JSON structure containing all the URLs in the given site and images within corresponding URLs.
Example: {"FinalResult":[{"http://www.novelglow.com/":[{"image0":"http://www.novelglow.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/ng_2_logo.png"}]},
{"http://www.novelglow.com/":[{"image0":"http://www.novelglow.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/ng_2_logo.png"}]}]}

Futurework:
This webcrawler can be used to get and score the keywords,topics,sentiments in the pages and hence build data analytics.
This data can be used for developing a search engine,e-commerce and so on.

Dependencies:
1. Java 1.6 or above.
2. commons-beanutils-1.7.0
3. commons-collections-3.2.1
4. commons-lang-2.4
5. commons-logging-1.1.3
6. commons-validator-1.5.1
7. ezmorph
8. json-lib-2.4-jdk15
9. jsoup-1.10.2

Commit message:

Version 2
Updated with installation details.

README.md, after:

# DemoDevelopment
This is the webcrawler. 
Given a starting URL –say example.com -it will visit all pages within the domain and collects all images,
but not follow the links to external sites other than  this domain.

Installation details:
Create a empty dynamic web application in your eclipse IDE.
Copy the contents from src folder of downloaded project to newly created project into the corresponding src folder.
Copy the libraries from lib folder of downloaded project to newly created project into the corresponding lib folder.
Refer the libraries in "Java Build Path" of the newly created project.
Give any URL as an argument in "Run Configuration".
Run the java file as "Run As" --> "Java Application".

input:
Any valid URL.
Example: http://www.novelglow.com/

Output:
JSON structure containing all the URLs in the given site and images within corresponding URLs.
Example: {"FinalResult":[{"http://www.novelglow.com/":[{"image0":"http://www.novelglow.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/ng_2_logo.png"}]},
{"http://www.novelglow.com/":[{"image0":"http://www.novelglow.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/ng_2_logo.png"}]}]}

Futurework:
This webcrawler can be used to get and score the keywords,topics,sentiments in the pages and hence build data analytics.
This data can be used for developing a search engine,e-commerce and so on.

Dependencies:
1. Java 1.6 or above.
2. commons-beanutils-1.7.0
3. commons-collections-3.2.1
4. commons-lang-2.4
5. commons-logging-1.1.3
6. commons-validator-1.5.1
7. ezmorph
8. json-lib-2.4-jdk15
9. jsoup-1.10.2
